start: bi-trail reorg (#3455)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/start/index.md

Now you're ready to DVC!

> DVC's features can be grouped into functional components. We'll explore them in
> two trails:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DVC's features can be grouped into functional components. You can explore them in
two independent trails:
```
